KTV (Know The Video) Chrome Extension
Introduction
KTV is a Chrome extension that analyzes YouTube video comments to help users assess whether a video is worth watching. It provides sentiment analysis, comment summaries, and keyword extractions, giving users insights into the video without watching it.

Features
Sentiment Analysis: Classifies YouTube comments into Positive, Negative, or Neutral sentiments.
Summary: Generates a summarized remark from all comments to highlight viewer opinions.
Keyword Extraction: Displays essential keywords from the comments.
Chatbot: Answers user queries based on the comment analysis and summary.
Technical Approach
Data Collection: Uses the YouTube API to fetch comments from videos.
Sentiment Analysis: Leverages machine learning models like twitter-roberta-base-sentiment from Hugging Face.
Chatbot: A trained bot that responds to user queries based on the comment data.
Keyword Extraction: Uses tools like RAKE (Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction) to extract key terms.
Front-End Development: Built with JavaScript, offering a user-friendly Chrome extension interface.
Backend: Developed using FastAPI for API handling.
Setup Instructions
Clone the repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
Install the required dependencies:
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set up the Chrome extension:
Open Chrome and go to chrome://extensions/
Enable Developer Mode.
Load the extension by selecting the extension/ folder from the repository.
Run the FastAPI backend:
bash
Copy code
uvicorn main:app --reload
Usage
Open a YouTube video and the KTV extension will provide insights about the comments.
Use the chatbot to ask questions about the video content based on viewer feedback.
Scalability
Sentiment Model: Can be enhanced using larger datasets for better accuracy.
New Features: Potential for adding video recommendations and analytics.
Cloud Integration: The current setup works locally but can be easily moved to cloud services for scaling.
Legal Considerations
Ensure compliance with YouTube's API policies and data privacy laws (GDPR).
Target Audience
YouTube viewers, content creators, educators, and marketers looking for quick insights into video content.
Contributors
Priyansh Pachauri
Tanay Sharma
Vaibhav Raj
Pranav Pande
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
